AzureAD - Make objectId and Application.Read.All optional (#1864)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Security/Advanced_security_configuration/Configuring_external_authentication_via_an_identity_provider_using_SAML.md

1. Gather the following information:

>    - **Client ID** and **Tenant ID**: These GUIDs identify the application (DataMiner) in the Azure AD platform, and identify the users & groups directory on the Azure portal, respectively. You can find these fields on the root page of the application: *Azure Active Directory > App registrations > [your application name]*.

Reviewer: If we change the text like this, it will only be valid for the latest version of DataMiner; however, the documentation should always be valid for all supported versions. To solve this, it would be best to add version info here, for example:

```suggestion
   - **Client ID**, **Object ID** (prior to DataMiner 10.3.10/10.4.0 only), and **Tenant ID**: These GUIDs identify the application (DataMiner) in the Azure AD platform, and identify the users & groups directory on the Azure portal, respectively. You can find these fields on the root page of the application: *Azure Active Directory > App registrations > [your application name]*.
```

Note that the release note you linked to has not been merged to DataMiner yet, so I just guessed the possible version in the example above.

>       ```xml

Reviewer: To make sure this example is valid for all supported versions, it would be better to change this to two examples, one prior to the change, one from that DataMiner version onwards.

   It is now possible to log in to DataMiner with any of the Azure AD user accounts you have added, using either the domain and username (DOMAIN\\user) or the email address.

#### Configuring DataMiner to check if the client secret is about to expire

> From DataMiner 10.3/10.2.9 onwards, it is possible to configure DataMiner to check Azure Active Directory for the expiration of the client secret when authenticating (only when application querying is used). When the client secret will expire in less than a week, a warning will be shown in the alarm console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From DataMiner 10.2.9/10.3.0 onwards, it is possible to configure DataMiner to check Azure Active Directory for the expiration of the client secret when authenticating (only when application querying is used). When the client secret will expire in less than a week, a warning will be shown in the Alarm Console.
```

> For this 2 extra configurations are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following additional configuration is required for this:
```

> 1. On Azure's side an extra permission: Microsoft Graph \> Application.Read.All – Application – Read applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Azure, make sure the following permission is enabled: *Microsoft Graph* \> *Application.Read.All – Application – Read applications*.
```

> 1. On DataMiner's side an extra guid in DataMiner.xml: the **Object ID**. This GUID can be found on the same page where the **Client ID** and **Tenant ID** are found. You can find these fields on the root page of the application: *Azure Active Directory > App registrations > [your application name]*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In DataMiner.xml, add the **Object ID**. Like the **Client ID** and **Tenant ID**, you can find this GUID on the root page of the application: *Azure Active Directory > App registrations > [your application name]*.
```
Note that this step may need to be expanded a bit, as to my knowledge this will also require a DataMiner restart.
